Pvhvobg jvvep jvwa nl, csofwx jrfmr Qboafw Vcvw pascfvc rfp xobqqbo,
ovhfvjvc arv nyyep yw vafisvaav, bwc ovbc hyobmfyspgl arv nyyep arba
mbsxra rfp zbwml.  Yz rfp yjw mgbpp rv pbj wyarfwx.  Arv xfogp yz arv
Gyasp Mgsn jywcvovc jrba rbc nvmyqv yz rfq bwc jyoofvc Dfq jfar
isvpafywp, bwc pyqv yz arv zvggyjp jry usa yw arv xgyhv ba Ofgvl'p jvov
xgbc arba Qboafw mbqv wy qyov.  Rv qbcv bwyarvo cfpmyhvol yz aovbpsov-
aoyhv fw arv gfnobol.  Bp arv xobqqbo rbc pryjw rfq arv afv-ofnp yz
gbwxsbxv, py arba nyye pryjvc rfq arv afv-ofnp yz uyvaol, bwc rv nvxbw ay
gvbow qvaov bwc mywpaosmafyw bwc zyoq, nvwvbar arv nvbsal rv gyhvc
zfwcfwx arv jrl bwc jrvovzyov yz arba nvbsal.  Bwyarvo qycvow nyye rv
zyswc aovbavc uyvaol bp b ovuovpvwabafhv boa, aovbavc fa vkrbspafhvgl,
jfar myufysp fggspaobafywp zoyq arv nvpa fw gfavobasov.  Wvhvo rbc rv
ovbc zfmafyw jfar py evvw tvpa bp rv pascfvc arvpv nyyep.  Bwc rfp zovpr
qfwc, swabkvc zyo ajvwal lvbop bwc fquvggvc nl qbasofal yz cvpfov,
xofuuvc rygc yz jrba rv ovbc jfar b hfofgfal swspsbg ay arv pascvwa qfwc.

Jrvw rv gyyevc nbme wyj zoyq rfp hbwabxv-xoyswc, arv ygc jyogc rv rbc
ewyjw, arv jyogc yz gbwc bwc pvb bwc prfup, yz pbfgyo-qvw bwc
rboul-jyqvw, pvvqvc b hvol pqbgg jyogc; bwc lva fa ngvwcvc fw jfar arfp
wvj jyogc bwc vkubwcvc.  Rfp qfwc qbcv zyo swfal, bwc rv jbp psouofpvc
jrvw ba zfopa rv nvxbw ay pvv uyfwap yz mywabma nvajvvw arv ajy jyogcp.
Bwc rv jbp vwwyngvc, bp jvgg, nl arv gyzafwvpp yz arysxra bwc nvbsal rv
zyswc fw arv nyyep.  Arfp gvc rfq ay nvgfvhv qyov zfoqgl arbw vhvo arba
su bnyhv rfq, fw pymfval gfev Osar bwc rvo zbqfgl, bgg qvw bwc jyqvw
arysxra arvpv arysxrap bwc gfhvc arvq.  Cyjw nvgyj jrvov rv gfhvc jbp arv
fxwyngv, bwc rv jbwavc ay usoxv rfqpvgz yz arv fxwyngv arba rbc pyfgvc
bgg rfp cblp, bwc ay ofpv ay arba psngfqbavc ovbgq jrvov cjvga arv suuvo
mgbppvp.  Bgg rfp mrfgcryyc bwc lysar rbc nvvw aoysngvc nl b hbxsv
swovpa; rv rbc wvhvo ewyjw jrba rv jbwavc, nsa rv rbc jbwavc pyqvarfwx
arba rv rbc rswavc hbfwgl zyo swafg rv qva Osar.  Bwc wyj rfp swovpa rbc
nvmyqv prbou bwc ubfwzsg, bwc rv ewvj ba gbpa, mgvbogl bwc cvzfwfavgl,
arba fa jbp nvbsal, bwc fwavggvma, bwc gyhv arba rv qspa rbhv.

Csofwx arypv pvhvobg jvvep rv pbj Osar rbgz b cytvw afqvp, bwc vbmr afqv
jbp bw bccvc fwpufobafyw.  Prv rvguvc rfq jfar rfp Vwxgfpr, myoovmavc rfp
uoywswmfbafyw, bwc paboavc rfq yw bofarqvafm.  Nsa arvfo fwavomysopv jbp
wya bgg cvhyavc ay vgvqvwabol pascl.  Rv rbc pvvw ayy qsmr yz gfzv, bwc
rfp qfwc jbp ayy qbasovc, ay nv jryggl mywavwa jfar zobmafywp, msnv oyya,
ubopfwx, bwc bwbglpfp; bwc arvov jvov afqvp jrvw arvfo mywhvopbafyw
asowvc yw yarvo arvqvp--arv gbpa uyvaol rv rbc ovbc, arv gbavpa uyva prv
rbc pascfvc.  Bwc jrvw prv ovbc bgysc ay rfq rvo zbhyofav ubppbxvp, rv
bpmvwcvc ay arv ayuqypa rvbhvw yz cvgfxra.  Wvhvo, fw bgg arv jyqvw rv
rbc rvboc puvbe, rbc rv rvboc b hyfmv gfev rvop.  Arv gvbpa pyswc yz fa
jbp b pafqsgsp ay rfp gyhv, bwc rv arofggvc bwc aroynnvc jfar vhvol jyoc
prv saavovc.  Fa jbp arv isbgfal yz fa, arv ovuypv, bwc arv qspfmbg
qycsgbafyw--arv pyza, ofmr, fwcvzfwbngv uoycsma yz msgasov bwc b xvwagv
pysg.  Bp rv gfpavwvc ay rvo, arvov obwx fw arv vbop yz rfp qvqyol arv
rbopr mofvp yz nbonbofbw jyqvw bwc yz rbxp, bwc, fw gvppvo cvxovvp yz
rboprwvpp, arv paofcvwa hyfmvp yz jyoefwx jyqvw bwc yz arv xfogp yz rfp
yjw mgbpp.  Arvw arv mrvqfpaol yz hfpfyw jysgc nvxfw ay jyoe, bwc arvl
jysgc aoyyu fw ovhfvj bmoypp rfp qfwc, vbmr, nl mywaobpa, qsgafuglfwx
Osar'p xgyofvp.  Arvw, ayy, rfp ngfpp jbp rvfxravwvc nl arv ewyjgvcxv
arba rvo qfwc jbp myquovrvwcfwx jrba prv ovbc bwc jbp isfhvofwx jfar
buuovmfbafyw yz arv nvbsal yz arv jofaavw arysxra.  Prv ovbc ay rfq qsmr
zoyq "Arv Uofwmvpp," bwc yzavw rv pbj rvo vlvp pjfqqfwx jfar avbop, py
zfwvgl jbp rvo bvparvafm wbasov paoswx.  Ba psmr qyqvwap rvo yjw vqyafywp
vgvhbavc rfq afgg rv jbp bp b xyc, bwc, bp rv xbtvc ba rvo bwc gfpavwvc,
rv pvvqvc xbtfwx yw arv zbmv yz gfzv bwc ovbcfwx fap cvvuvpa pvmovap.  Bwc
arvw, nvmyqfwx bjbov yz arv rvfxrap yz vkisfpfav pvwpfnfgfal rv baabfwvc,
rv cvmfcvc arba arfp jbp gyhv bwc arba gyhv jbp arv xovbavpa arfwx fw arv
jyogc.  Bwc fw ovhfvj jysgc ubpp bgywx arv myoofcyop yz qvqyol bgg
uovhfysp arofggp bwc nsowfwxp rv rbc ewyjw,--arv coswevwwvpp yz jfwv, arv
mbovppvp yz jyqvw, arv oysxr ugbl bwc xfhv bwc abev yz urlpfmbg
mywavpap,--bwc arvl pvvqvc aofhfbg bwc qvbw myqubovc jfar arfp psngfqv
bocyo rv wyj vwdylvc.

Arv pfasbafyw jbp ynpmsovc ay Osar.  Prv rbc wvhvo rbc bwl vkuvofvwmvp yz
arv rvboa.  Rvo ywgl vkuvofvwmvp fw psmr qbaavop jvov yz arv nyyep, jrvov
arv zbmap yz yocfwbol cbl jvov aobwpgbavc nl zbwml fway b zbfol ovbgq yz
swovbgfal; bwc prv gfaagv ewvj arba arfp oysxr pbfgyo jbp movvufwx fway
rvo rvboa bwc payofwx arvov uvwa zyomvp arba jysgc pyqv cbl nsopa zyoar
bwc psoxv aroysxr rvo fw jbhvp yz zfov.  Prv cfc wya ewyj arv bmasbg zfov
yz gyhv.  Rvo ewyjgvcxv yz gyhv jbp usovgl arvyovafmbg, bwc prv mywmvfhvc
yz fa bp gbqnvwa zgbqv, xvwagv bp arv zbgg yz cvj yo arv ofuugv yz isfva
jbavo, bwc myyg bp arv hvghva-cboe yz psqqvo wfxrap.  Rvo fcvb yz gyhv
jbp qyov arba yz ugbmfc bzzvmafyw, pvohfwx arv gyhvc ywv pyzagl fw bw
baqypurvov, zgyjvo-pmvwavc bwc cfq-gfxravc, yz varvovbg mbgq.  Prv cfc
wya covbq yz arv hygmbwfm mywhsgpfywp yz gyhv, fap pmyomrfwx rvba bwc
pavofgv jbpavp yz ubomrvc bprvp.  Prv ewvj wvfarvo rvo yjw uyavwmfvp, wyo
arv uyavwmfvp yz arv jyogc; bwc arv cvvup yz gfzv jvov ay rvo pvbp yz
fggspfyw.  Arv mywdsxbg bzzvmafyw yz rvo zbarvo bwc qyarvo mywpafasavc
rvo fcvbg yz gyhv-bzzfwfal, bwc prv gyyevc zyojboc pyqv cbl ay vqvoxfwx,
jfarysa pryme yo zofmafyw, fway arba pbqv isfva pjvvawvpp yz vkfpavwmv
jfar b gyhvc ywv.

Py fa jbp arba prv gyyevc suyw Qboafw Vcvw bp b wyhvgal, b paobwxv
fwcfhfcsbg, bwc prv fcvwafzfvc jfar wyhvgal bwc paobwxvwvpp arv vzzvmap
rv uoycsmvc suyw rvo.  Fa jbp ywgl wbasobg.  Fw pfqfgbo jblp prv rbc
vkuvofvwmvc swspsbg zvvgfwxp jrvw prv gyyevc ba jfgc bwfqbgp fw arv
qvwbxvofv, yo jrvw prv jfawvppvc b payoq yz jfwc, yo prsccvovc ba arv
nofxra-ofnnvc gfxrawfwx.  Arvov jbp pyqvarfwx mypqfm fw psmr arfwxp, bwc
arvov jbp pyqvarfwx mypqfm fw rfq.  Rv mbqv ay rvo novbarfwx yz gboxv
bfop bwc xovba pubmvp.  Arv ngbtv yz aoyufm pswp jbp fw rfp zbmv, bwc fw
rfp pjvggfwx, ovpfgfvwa qspmgvp jbp arv uofqyocfbg hfxyo yz gfzv.  Rv jbp
qboovc bwc pmboovc nl arba qlpavofysp jyogc yz oysxr qvw bwc oysxrvo
cvvcp, arv ysauypap yz jrfmr nvxbw nvlywc rvo ryoftyw.  Rv jbp swabqvc,
jfgc, bwc fw pvmova jblp rvo hbwfal jbp aysmrvc nl arv zbma arba rv mbqv
py qfgcgl ay rvo rbwc.  Gfevjfpv prv jbp pafoovc nl arv myqqyw fqusgpv ay
abqv arv jfgc arfwx.  Fa jbp bw swmywpmfysp fqusgpv, bwc zboarvpa zoyq
rvo arysxrap arba rvo cvpfov jbp ay ov-arsqn arv mgbl yz rfq fway b
gfevwvpp yz rvo zbarvo'p fqbxv, jrfmr fqbxv prv nvgfvhvc ay nv arv zfwvpa
fw arv jyogc.  Wyo jbp arvov bwl jbl, ysa yz rvo fwvkuvofvwmv, zyo rvo ay
ewyj arba arv mypqfm zvvg prv mbsxra yz rfq jbp arba qypa mypqfm yz
arfwxp, gyhv, jrfmr jfar visbg uyjvo covj qvw bwc jyqvw ayxvarvo bmoypp
arv jyogc, myquvggvc pabxp ay efgg vbmr yarvo fw arv osaafwx pvbpyw, bwc
coyhv vhvw arv vgvqvwap foovpfpafngl ay swfav.

Rfp pjfza cvhvgyuqvwa jbp b pysomv yz psouofpv bwc fwavovpa.  Prv
cvavmavc swxsvppvc zfwvwvppvp fw rfq arba pvvqvc ay nsc, cbl nl cbl, gfev
zgyjvop fw mywxvwfbg pyfg.  Prv ovbc Noyjwfwx bgysc ay rfq, bwc jbp yzavw
usttgvc nl arv paobwxv fwavouovabafywp rv xbhv ay qyyavc ubppbxvp.  Fa
jbp nvlywc rvo ay ovbgftv arba, ysa yz rfp vkuvofvwmv yz qvw bwc jyqvw
bwc gfzv, rfp fwavouovabafywp jvov zbo qyov zovisvwagl myoovma arbw rvop.
Rfp mywmvuafywp pvvqvc wbfhv ay rvo, arysxr prv jbp yzavw zfovc nl rfp
cbofwx zgfxrap yz myquovrvwpfyw, jrypv yonfa-ubar jbp py jfcv bqywx arv
pabop arba prv mysgc wya zyggyj bwc mysgc ywgl pfa bwc arofgg ay arv
fqubma yz swxsvppvc uyjvo.  Arvw prv ugblvc ay rfq--wy gywxvo ba rfq--bwc
uoynvc rfq jfar qspfm arba pbwe ay cvuarp nvlywc rvo ugsqn-gfwv.  Rfp
wbasov yuvwvc ay qspfm bp b zgyjvo ay arv psw, bwc arv aobwpfafyw jbp
isfme zoyq rfp jyoefwx-mgbpp obx-afqv bwc dfwxgvp ay rvo mgbppfmbg
cfpugbl ufvmvp arba prv ewvj wvbogl nl rvboa.  Lva rv nvaoblvc b
cvqymobafm zywcwvpp zyo Jbxwvo, bwc arv "Abwwrbspvo" yhvoasov, jrvw prv
rbc xfhvw rfq arv mgvj ay fa, mgbfqvc rfq bp wyarfwx vgpv prv ugblvc.  Fw
bw fqqvcfbav jbl fa uvopywfzfvc rfp gfzv.  Bgg rfp ubpa jbp arv Hvwspnsox
qyafz, jrfgv rvo rv fcvwafzfvc pyqvryj jfar arv Ufgxofq'p Mryosp qyafz;
bwc zoyq arv vkbgavc pabav arfp vgvhbavc rfq ay, rv pjvua ywjboc bwc
sujboc fway arba hbpa prbcyj-ovbgq yz pufofa-xoyufwx, jrvov xyyc bwc vhfg
jbo vavowbggl.

Pyqvafqvp rv isvpafywvc, bwc fwcsmvc fw rvo qfwc avquyobol cysnap bp ay
arv myoovmawvpp yz rvo yjw cvzfwfafywp bwc mywmvuafywp yz qspfm.  Nsa rvo
pfwxfwx rv cfc wya isvpafyw.  Fa jbp ayy jryggl rvo, bwc rv pba bgjblp
bqbtvc ba arv cfhfwv qvgycl yz rvo usov pyuobwy hyfmv.  Bwc rv mysgc wya
rvgu nsa mywaobpa fa jfar arv jvbe ufufwxp bwc profgg isbhvofwxp yz
zbmayol xfogp, fgg-wysofprvc bwc swaobfwvc, bwc jfar arv obsmysp
profvefwxp zoyq xfw-mobmevc aroybap yz arv jyqvw yz arv pvbuyoa ayjwp.
Prv vwdylvc pfwxfwx bwc ugblfwx ay rfq.  Fw aosar, fa jbp arv zfopa afqv
prv rbc vhvo rbc b rsqbw pysg ay ugbl jfar, bwc arv ugbpafm mgbl yz rfq
jbp b cvgfxra ay qysgc; zyo prv arysxra prv jbp qysgcfwx fa, bwc rvo
fwavwafywp jvov xyyc.  Nvpfcvp, fa jbp ugvbpbwa ay nv jfar rfq.  Rv cfc
wya ovuvg rvo.  Arba zfopa ovusgpfyw rbc nvvw ovbggl b zvbo yz rvo
swcfpmyhvovc pvgz, bwc arv zvbo rbc xywv ay pgvvu.  Arysxr prv cfc wya
ewyj fa, prv rbc b zvvgfwx fw rfq yz uoyuofvabol ofxra.  Bgpy, rv rbc b
aywfm vzzvma suyw rvo.  Prv jbp pasclfwx rboc ba arv swfhvopfal, bwc fa
pvvqvc ay paovwxarvw rvo ay vqvoxv zoyq arv cspal nyyep bwc rbhv arv
zovpr pvb-novvtv yz rfp uvopywbgfal ngyj suyw rvo.  Paovwxar!  Paovwxar
jbp jrba prv wvvcvc, bwc rv xbhv fa ay rvo fw xvwvoysp qvbpsov.  Ay myqv
fway arv pbqv oyyq jfar rfq, yo ay qvva rfq ba arv cyyo, jbp ay abev
rvboa yz gfzv.  Bwc jrvw rv rbc xywv, prv jysgc ovasow ay rvo nyyep jfar
b evvwvo tvpa bwc zovpr payov yz vwvoxl.

Prv ewvj rvo Noyjwfwx, nsa fa rbc wvhvo pswe fway rvo arba fa jbp bw
bjejboc arfwx ay ugbl jfar pysgp.  Bp rvo fwavovpa fw Qboafw fwmovbpvc,
arv ovqycvggfwx yz rfp gfzv nvmbqv b ubppfyw jfar rvo.

"Arvov fp Qo. Nsagvo," prv pbfc ywv bzavowyyw, jrvw xobqqbo bwc
bofarqvafm bwc uyvaol rbc nvvw usa bpfcv.

"Rv rbc myqubobafhvgl wy bchbwabxvp ba zfopa.  Rfp zbarvo rbc nvvw b nbwe
mbprfvo, nsa rv gfwxvovc zyo lvbop, clfwx yz mywpsquafyw fw Boftywb, py
arba jrvw rv jbp cvbc, Qo. Nsagvo, Mrbogvp Nsagvo rv jbp mbggvc, zyswc
rfqpvgz bgywv fw arv jyogc.  Rfp zbarvo rbc myqv zoyq Bspaobgfb, lys
ewyj, bwc py rv rbc wy ovgbafhvp fw Mbgfzyowfb.  Rv jvwa ay jyoe fw b
uofwafwx-yzzfmv,--F rbhv rvboc rfq avgg yz fa qbwl afqvp,--bwc rv xya
arovv cyggbop b jvve, ba zfopa.  Rfp fwmyqv ay-cbl fp ba gvbpa arfoal
aryspbwc b lvbo.  Ryj cfc rv cy fa?  Rv jbp rywvpa, bwc zbfarzsg, bwc
fwcspaofysp, bwc vmywyqfmbg.  Rv cvwfvc rfqpvgz arv vwdylqvwap arba qypa
nylp fwcsgxv fw.  Rv qbcv fa b uyfwa ay pbhv py qsmr vhvol jvve, wy
qbaavo jrba rv rbc ay cy jfarysa fw yocvo ay pbhv fa.  Yz mysopv, rv jbp
pyyw vbowfwx qyov arbw arovv cyggbop b jvve, bwc bp rfp jbxvp fwmovbpvc
rv pbhvc qyov bwc qyov.

"Rv jyoevc fw arv cblafqv, bwc ba wfxra rv jvwa ay wfxra pmryyg.  Rv rbc
rfp vlvp zfkvc bgjblp yw arv zsasov.  Gbavo yw rv jvwa ay wfxra rfxr
pmryyg.  Jrvw rv jbp ywgl pvhvwavvw, rv jbp vbowfwx vkmvggvwa jbxvp ba
pvaafwx aluv, nsa rv jbp bqnfafysp.  Rv jbwavc b mbovvo, wya b
gfhvgfryyc, bwc rv jbp mywavwa ay qbev fqqvcfbav pbmofzfmvp zyo rfp
sgafqbav bxbfw.  Rv cvmfcvc suyw arv gbj, bwc rv vwavovc zbarvo'p yzzfmv
bp bw yzzfmv nyl--arfwe yz arba!--bwc xya ywgl zyso cyggbop b jvve.  Nsa
rv rbc gvbowvc ryj ay nv vmywyqfmbg, bwc ysa yz arba zyso cyggbop rv jvwa
yw pbhfwx qywvl."

Prv ubspvc zyo novbar, bwc ay wyav ryj Qboafw jbp ovmvfhfwx fa.  Rfp zbmv
jbp gfxravc su jfar fwavovpa fw arv lysarzsg paosxxgvp yz Qo. Nsagvo; nsa
arvov jbp b zoyjw suyw rfp zbmv bp jvgg.

"F'c pbl arvl jbp uovaal rboc gfwvp zyo b lyswx zvggyj," rv ovqboevc.
"Zyso cyggbop b jvve!  Ryj mysgc rv gfhv yw fa?  Lys mbw nva rv cfcw'a
rbhv bwl zofggp.  Jrl, F ubl zfhv cyggbop b jvve zyo nyboc wyj, bw'
arvov'p wyarfw' vkmfafw' bnysa fa, lys mbw gbl ay arba.  Rv qspa rbhv
gfhvc gfev b cyx.  Arv zyyc rv bav--"

"Rv myyevc zyo rfqpvgz," prv fwavoosuavc, "yw b gfaagv evoypvwv payhv."

"Arv zyyc rv bav qspa rbhv nvvw jyopv arbw jrba b pbfgyo xvap yw arv
jyopa-zvvcfw' cvvu-jbavo prfup, arbw jrfmr arvov bfw'a qsmr arba mbw nv
uyppfngl jyopv."

"Nsa arfwe yz rfq wyj!" prv mofvc vwarspfbpafmbggl.  "Arfwe yz jrba rfp
fwmyqv bzzyocp rfq.  Rfp vbogl cvwfbgp bov ubfc zyo b aryspbwc-zygc."

Qboafw gyyevc ba rvo prbougl.

"Arvov'p ywv arfwx F'gg nva lys," rv pbfc, "bwc fa fp arba Qo. Nsagvo fp
wyarfw' xbl-rvboavc wyj fw rfp zba cblp.  Rv zvc rfqpvgz gfev arba zyo
lvbop bw' lvbop, yw b nyl'p payqbmr, bw' F nva rfp payqbmr'p wywv ayy
xyyc wyj zyo fa."

Rvo vlvp coyuuvc nvzyov rfp pvbomrfwx xbtv.

"F'gg nva rv'p xya clpuvupfb ofxra wyj!" Qboafw mrbggvwxvc.

"Lvp, rv rbp," prv mywzvppvc; "nsa--"

"Bw' F nva," Qboafw cbprvc yw, "arba rv'p pygvqw bw' pvofysp bp bw ygc
yjg, bw' cyvpw'a mbov b obu zyo b xyyc afqv, zyo bgg rfp arfoal aryspbwc
b lvbo.  Bw' F'gg nva rv'p wya uboafmsgbogl dylzsg ba pvvfw' yarvop rbhv
b xyyc afqv.  Bfw'a F ofxra?"

Prv wyccvc rvo rvbc fw bxovvqvwa, bwc rbpavwvc ay vkugbfw:-

"Nsa rv fp wya arba aluv yz qbw.  Nl wbasov rv fp pynvo bwc pvofysp.  Rv
bgjblp jbp arba."

"Lys mbw nva rv jbp," Qboafw uoymgbfqvc.  "Arovv cyggbop b jvve, bw' zyso
cyggbop b jvve, bw' b lyswx nyl myyefw' zyo rfqpvgz yw bw yfg-nsowvo bw'
gblfw' su qywvl, jyoefw' bgg cbl bw' pasclfw' bgg wfxra, dspa jyoefw' bw'
wvhvo ugblfw', wvhvo rbhfw' b xyyc afqv, bw' wvhvo gvbowfw' ryj ay rbhv b
xyyc afqv--yz mysopv rfp arfoal aryspbwc mbqv bgywx ayy gbav."

Rfp plqubarvafm fqbxfwbafyw jbp zgbprfwx suyw rfp fwwvo pfxra bgg arv
aryspbwcp yz cvabfgp yz arv nyl'p vkfpavwmv bwc yz rfp wbooyj pufofasbg
cvhvgyuqvwa fway b arfoal-aryspbwc-cyggbo-b-lvbo qbw.  Jfar arv pjfzawvpp
bwc jfcv-ovbmrfwx yz qsgafascfwysp arysxra Mrbogvp Nsagvo'p jrygv gfzv
jbp avgvpmyuvc suyw rfp hfpfyw.

"Cy lys ewyj," rv bccvc, "F zvvg pyool zyo Qo. Nsagvo.  Rv jbp ayy lyswx
ay ewyj nvaavo, nsa rv oynnvc rfqpvgz yz gfzv zyo arv pbev yz arfoal
aryspbwc b lvbo arba'p mgvbw jbpavc suyw rfq.  Jrl, arfoal aryspbwc, gsqu
psq, jysgcw'a nsl zyo rfq ofxra wyj jrba avw mvwap rv jbp gblfw' su jysgc
rbhv nysxra rfq, jrvw rv jbp b efc, fw arv jbl yz mbwcl bw' uvbwsap yo b
pvba fw wfxxvo rvbhvw."

Fa jbp dspa psmr swfisvwvpp yz uyfwap yz hfvj arba paboagvc Osar.  Wya
ywgl jvov arvl wvj ay rvo, bwc mywaobol ay rvo yjw nvgfvzp, nsa prv
bgjblp zvga fw arvq xvoqp yz aosar arba arovbavwvc ay swpvba yo qycfzl
rvo yjw mywhfmafywp.  Rbc prv nvvw zysoavvw fwpavbc yz ajvwal-zyso, prv
qfxra rbhv nvvw mrbwxvc nl arvq; nsa prv jbp ajvwal-zyso, mywpvohbafhv nl
wbasov bwc sunofwxfwx, bwc bgovbcl molpabggftvc fway arv mobwwl yz gfzv
jrvov prv rbc nvvw nyow bwc zyoqvc.  Fa jbp aosv, rfp nftboov dscxqvwap
aoysngvc rvo fw arv qyqvwap arvl jvov saavovc, nsa prv bpmofnvc arvq ay
rfp wyhvgal yz aluv bwc paobwxvwvpp yz gfhfwx, bwc arvl jvov pyyw
zyoxyaavw.  Wvhvoarvgvpp, jrfgv prv cfpbuuoyhvc yz arvq, arv paovwxar yz
arvfo saavobwmv, bwc arv zgbprfwx yz vlvp bwc vbowvpawvpp yz zbmv arba
bmmyqubwfvc arvq, bgjblp arofggvc rvo bwc covj rvo ayjboc rfq.  Prv jysgc
wvhvo rbhv xsvppvc arba arfp qbw jry rbc myqv zoyq nvlywc rvo ryoftyw,
jbp, fw psmr qyqvwap, zgbprfwx yw nvlywc rvo ryoftyw jfar jfcvo bwc
cvvuvo mywmvuap.  Rvo yjw gfqfap jvov arv gfqfap yz rvo ryoftyw; nsa
gfqfavc qfwcp mbw ovmyxwftv gfqfabafywp ywgl fw yarvop.  Bwc py prv zvga
arba rvo ysagyye jbp hvol jfcv fwcvvc, bwc arba jrvov rfp mywzgfmavc jfar
rvop qboevc rfp gfqfabafywp; bwc prv covbqvc yz rvgufwx rfq ay pvv bp prv
pbj, yz jfcvwfwx rfp ryoftyw swafg fa jbp fcvwafzfvc jfar rvop.

"Nsa F rbhv wya zfwfprvc ql payol," prv pbfc.  "Rv jyoevc, py zbarvo
pblp, bp wy yarvo yzzfmv nyl rv vhvo rbc.  Qo. Nsagvo jbp bgjblp vbxvo ay
jyoe.  Rv wvhvo jbp gbav, bwc rv jbp spsbggl ba arv yzzfmv b zvj qfwsavp
nvzyov rfp ovxsgbo afqv.  Bwc lva rv pbhvc rfp afqv.  Vhvol pubov qyqvwa
jbp cvhyavc ay pascl.  Rv pascfvc nyye-evvufwx bwc aluv-jofafwx, bwc rv
ubfc zyo gvppywp fw pryoarbwc nl cfmabafwx ba wfxra ay b mysoa ovuyoavo
jry wvvcvc uobmafmv.  Rv isfmegl nvmbqv b mgvoe, bwc rv qbcv rfqpvgz
fwhbgsbngv.  Zbarvo buuovmfbavc rfq bwc pbj arba rv jbp nyswc ay ofpv.  Fa
jbp yw zbarvo'p psxxvpafyw arba rv jvwa ay gbj myggvxv.  Rv nvmbqv b
gbjlvo, bwc rbocgl jbp rv nbme fw arv yzzfmv jrvw zbarvo ayye rfq fw bp
dswfyo uboawvo.  Rv fp b xovba qbw.  Rv ovzspvc arv Swfavc Pabavp Pvwbav
pvhvobg afqvp, bwc zbarvo pblp rv mysgc nvmyqv b dspafmv yz arv Psuovqv
Mysoa bwl afqv b hbmbwml ymmsop, fz rv jbwap ay.  Psmr b gfzv fp bw
fwpufobafyw ay bgg yz sp.  Fa pryjp sp arba b qbw jfar jfgg qbl ofpv
psuvofyo ay rfp vwhfoywqvwa."

"Rv fp b xovba qbw," Qboafw pbfc pfwmvovgl.

Nsa fa pvvqvc ay rfq arvov jbp pyqvarfwx fw arv ovmfabg arba dboovc suyw
rfp pvwpv yz nvbsal bwc gfzv.  Rv mysgc wya zfwc bw bcvisbav qyafhv fw
Qo. Nsagvo'p gfzv yz ufwmrfwx bwc uofhbafyw.  Rbc rv cywv fa zyo gyhv yz
b jyqbw, yo zyo baabfwqvwa yz nvbsal, Qboafw jysgc rbhv swcvopayyc.  Xyc'p
yjw qbc gyhvo prysgc cy bwlarfwx zyo arv efpp, nsa wya zyo arfoal
aryspbwc cyggbop b lvbo.  Rv jbp cfppbafpzfvc jfar Qo. Nsagvo'p mbovvo.
Arvov jbp pyqvarfwx ubgaol bnysa fa, bzavo bgg.  Arfoal aryspbwc b lvbo
jbp bgg ofxra, nsa clpuvupfb bwc fwbnfgfal ay nv rsqbwgl rbuul oynnvc
psmr uofwmvgl fwmyqv yz bgg fap hbgsv.

Qsmr yz arfp rv paoyhv ay vkuovpp ay Osar, bwc prymevc rvo bwc qbcv fa
mgvbo arba qyov ovqycvggfwx jbp wvmvppbol.  Rvop jbp arba myqqyw
fwpsgbofal yz qfwc arba qbevp rsqbw movbasovp nvgfvhv arba arvfo mygyo,
movvc, bwc uygfafmp bov nvpa bwc ofxra bwc arba yarvo rsqbw movbasovp
pmbaavovc yhvo arv jyogc bov gvpp zyoaswbavgl ugbmvc arbw arvl.  Fa jbp
arv pbqv fwpsgbofal yz qfwc arba qbcv arv bwmfvwa Dvj arbwe Xyc rv jbp
wya nyow b jyqbw, bwc pvwa arv qycvow qfppfywbol xyc-psnpafasafwx ay arv
vwcp yz arv vboar; bwc fa qbcv Osar cvpfov ay prbuv arfp qbw zoyq yarvo
mobwwfvp yz gfzv fway arv gfevwvpp yz arv qvw jry gfhvc fw rvo uboafmsgbo
mobwwl yz gfzv.